✓ Change the navigation bar to a sidebar and put it at the left of the book,
    Just like a bookmark.

✓ Change the anatomy tree tooltips to be absolute and more like tooltipster's ones.

✓ Make a button or make the bodypart ID clickable so that when clicked,
    it renders the bodypart item sheet for more specific modifications.

° Add Badges to the nodes of the anatomy tree, so that it's possible to see
    the number of negative and positive conditions applied. (Only two badges required)

✓ Make the anatomy tree nodes more clickable. 
    (the chevron and the badges when clicked will count as the <li> being clicked)

✓ Make the info page for the base actor

° Make info pages for all the actor types : 
        ✓ human 
        - beast
        - device

✓ Make a searchbar with tags

X Expand the searchbar to allow tags that are removable and togglelable?

✓ Make a country item and link it to the Config so that it generates the data by fetching the country item data.

✓ change the save function to allow for the select with the em_field class

✓ Finish the bodypart partial attachedTo logic of the actorMedicalInfo partial

° Whenever saving something, add it to a sort of action log actor for ctrl+Z, ctrl+Y purposes

✓ Decide if the Country should be an actor or an item
    - Country should be and actor since it can contain items. It shouldn't ever be displayed as a token in the scenes.
 
✓ Make a Compendium for the Countries and make a Country fetch method.

° Make an item class for backgrounds and skills or make a way to add them through a setting etc...

✓ Decide if the Country should be an actor or an item : country should be an actor

° Decide how to handle item stacking and especially when accounting for durability
    Decide how to make the inventory, if you want to use the in-built one or a faster custom one.

° Store the anatomy in a separate collection instead.

° The medical tab should now display the bodypart partial instead.

° Change the ActorSheet so that whenever a field of an item is saved inside it, we save the appropriate owned item.